README.md, before:

# developer-resources  
Best FREE resources for Web-developers creating projects for their portfolios!


### Background patters
- [Subtle patterns](https://www.toptal.com/designers/subtlepatterns/)  
Over 500 background patterns under CC BY-SA 3.0 licence.  

- [Hero patterns](https://www.heropatterns.com/)  
A collection of repeatable SVG background patterns for you to use on your web projects.  

- [CSS3 Pattern gallery by Lea Verou](http://projects.verou.me/css3patterns/).   
Small collection of cool CSS3 background patterns. 

- [Patternico](https://patternico.com/)  
Create your own background pattern from font awesome or Line icons!


### Graphics
- [Wave generator](https://getwaves.io/)  
Create SVG waves for your website or app.

- [Blob generator](https://www.blobmaker.app/)  
Blobmaker is a free generative design tool made with 💕 by z creative labs, to help you quickly create random, unique, and organic-looking SVG shapes.  

### Color tools

- [Gradihunt](https://gradihunt.com/)  
Great tool for searching and comparing gradients.

- [ColorSandFonts](https://www.colorsandfonts.com/)  
Color & typography tools for web developers and digital designers.

- [Coolors](https://coolors.co/)  
Create color palettes super fast!

- [Colordot by hailpixel](https://color.hailpixel.com/)  
Another tool for creating color palettes quickly.

- [Color Hunt](https://colorhunt.co/)  
Lot's of color palettes for finding inspiration.


### Icons
- [Zondicons](http://www.zondicons.com/)  
A set of free premium SVG icons for you to use on your digital products.

- [Line Icons](https://lineicons.com/)  
2000+ Line Icons for Designers and Developers!  

- [Feather Icons](https://feathericons.com/)  
Simply beautiful open source icons

- [JAM Icons](https://jam-icons.com/)  
Jam icons is a set of SVG icons designed for web projects, illustrations, print projects, etc. Licensed under MIT.

- [Orion Icon library](https://orioniconlibrary.com/)  
6014 Free SVG Vector Icons

- [Radix Icons](https://icons.modulz.app/)  
A crisp set of 15×15 icons designed by the Modulz team.  

- [Icon Park](https://github.com/bytedance/IconPark)  
IconPark gives access to more than 1,400 high-quality icons, and introduces an interface for customizing your icons. 

### Photos

- [Lorem Picsum](https://picsum.photos/)  
Lorem ipsum for photos!

- [Lost And Taken](https://lostandtaken.com/)  
Free texture stock photos

- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)  
Beautiful free images and pictures

- [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/)  
Free stock photos and videos

- [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/)  
Stunning free images & royalty free stock

### Music and sounds

- [CCHound](https://cchound.com/)  
100% free, quality CC audio  

### Code playgrounds

- [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/)  
Online code editor for web apps

- [JSFiddle](https://jsfiddle.net/)  
Javascript, HTML, CSS code playground.

- [CodePen](https://codepen.io/pen/)  
Online code editor

- [JSBin](https://jsbin.com/?html,output)  
Another online code editor for web developers. Focuses on sharing your code.

- [Code Sandbox](https://codesandbox.io/)  
Free, instant, collaborative sandboxes for rapid web development.

### Hosting 

- [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/)  
Great Paas for deploying and hosting node.js (and other) apps for free.

- [Github pages](https://pages.github.com/)  
Host websites and web apps for free straight from your github repo!

- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/products/hosting)  
Fast and secure web hosting.

- [Surge](https://surge.sh/)  
Static web site publishing for front-end developers. For free.

### APIS
Some of the coolest free API:s you can use on your projects!
- [OpenWeatherMap](https://openweathermap.org/api)  
Classic weather API.

Commit message:

Adobe color and Font Awesome added

README.md, after:

# developer-resources  
Best FREE resources for Web-developers creating projects for their portfolios!


### Background patters
- [Subtle patterns](https://www.toptal.com/designers/subtlepatterns/)  
Over 500 background patterns under CC BY-SA 3.0 licence.  

- [Hero patterns](https://www.heropatterns.com/)  
A collection of repeatable SVG background patterns for you to use on your web projects.  

- [CSS3 Pattern gallery by Lea Verou](http://projects.verou.me/css3patterns/).   
Small collection of cool CSS3 background patterns. 

- [Patternico](https://patternico.com/)  
Create your own background pattern from font awesome or Line icons!


### Graphics
- [Wave generator](https://getwaves.io/)  
Create SVG waves for your website or app.

- [Blob generator](https://www.blobmaker.app/)  
Blobmaker is a free generative design tool made with 💕 by z creative labs, to help you quickly create random, unique, and organic-looking SVG shapes.  

### Color tools

- [Gradihunt](https://gradihunt.com/)  
Great tool for searching and comparing gradients.

- [ColorSandFonts](https://www.colorsandfonts.com/)  
Color & typography tools for web developers and digital designers.

- [Coolors](https://coolors.co/)  
Create color palettes super fast!

- [Colordot by hailpixel](https://color.hailpixel.com/)  
Another tool for creating color palettes quickly.

- [Color Hunt](https://colorhunt.co/)  
Lot's of color palettes for finding inspiration.

- [Adobe Color](https://color.adobe.com/create/color-wheel)  
Use Adobe color wheel to generate color palettes.


### Icons
- [Zondicons](http://www.zondicons.com/)  
A set of free premium SVG icons for you to use on your digital products.

- [Line Icons](https://lineicons.com/)  
2000+ Line Icons for Designers and Developers!  

- [Feather Icons](https://feathericons.com/)  
Simply beautiful open source icons

- [JAM Icons](https://jam-icons.com/)  
Jam icons is a set of SVG icons designed for web projects, illustrations, print projects, etc. Licensed under MIT.

- [Orion Icon library](https://orioniconlibrary.com/)  
6014 Free SVG Vector Icons

- [Radix Icons](https://icons.modulz.app/)  
A crisp set of 15×15 icons designed by the Modulz team.  

- [Icon Park](https://github.com/bytedance/IconPark)  
IconPark gives access to more than 1,400 high-quality icons, and introduces an interface for customizing your icons. 

- [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)  
Get vector icons and social logos on your website with Font Awesome, the web's most popular icon set and toolkit.

### Photos

- [Lorem Picsum](https://picsum.photos/)  
Lorem ipsum for photos!

- [Lost And Taken](https://lostandtaken.com/)  
Free texture stock photos

- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)  
Beautiful free images and pictures

- [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/)  
Free stock photos and videos

- [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/)  
Stunning free images & royalty free stock

### Music and sounds

- [CCHound](https://cchound.com/)  
100% free, quality CC audio  

### Code playgrounds

- [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/)  
Online code editor for web apps

- [JSFiddle](https://jsfiddle.net/)  
Javascript, HTML, CSS code playground.

- [CodePen](https://codepen.io/pen/)  
Online code editor

- [JSBin](https://jsbin.com/?html,output)  
Another online code editor for web developers. Focuses on sharing your code.

- [Code Sandbox](https://codesandbox.io/)  
Free, instant, collaborative sandboxes for rapid web development.

### Hosting 

- [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/)  
Great Paas for deploying and hosting node.js (and other) apps for free.

- [Github pages](https://pages.github.com/)  
Host websites and web apps for free straight from your github repo!

- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/products/hosting)  
Fast and secure web hosting.

- [Surge](https://surge.sh/)  
Static web site publishing for front-end developers. For free.

### APIS
Some of the coolest free API:s you can use on your projects!
- [OpenWeatherMap](https://openweathermap.org/api)  
Classic weather API.
